c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe.config
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.pdb
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAnaForm.resources
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAracListe.resources
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe.licenses
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.pdb
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAracListeDetay.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmMusteriler.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmMusterilerDetay.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSozlesme.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmBakimKM.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmBakimKMDetay.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmKaskoTakip.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmKaskoTakipDetay.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSigortaTakip.resources
C:\Users\Teknik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSigortaTakipDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe.config
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.pdb
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\frmRent-aCar.pdb
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPdfViewer.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAnaForm.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAracListe.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAracListeDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmBakimKM.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmBakimKMDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmKaskoTakip.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmKaskoTakipDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmMusteriler.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmMusterilerDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSigortaTakip.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSigortaTakipDetay.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmSozlesme.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent-aCar.exe.licenses
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmAracKiralama.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmKullaniciGiris.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\proje yeni\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\frmRent-aCar\obj\Debug\frmRent_aCar.frmMailGonder.resources
